---
layout : 'post'
title : 'the'

Hello, everyone.
How many of you have come here to escape from studying? After this speech contest ends, how many of you will return to studying again? You and I are sitting at school, studying the same thing, every single day. Just like factory machines. How will we ever develop our creativity? Or, wait— is it even worth the trouble to develop it? Don’t you feel confused? 
Have you heard about that phrase about becoming a 치킨집 사장? If you major in Computer Technology, in ten years you will become, a 치킨집 사장. If you major in English Literature, in ten years you will become, a 치킨집 사장. Are you going to major in philosophy and arts? Don’t worry, you’ll become a 치킨집 사장, too!
Or at least, that’s what they say. But instead, I’d like you to think outside of that box. In other words, I’d like you to stop being a hardware, and start thinking as a software. 

You know the difference of hardware and software… right? For instance, the mobile phone is a hardware. Machines that can be felt with our hands is a hardware. Like a computer, a mouse, etc. Now, software are the things that is shown inside this screen. These applications. These powerpoints, these photoshops etc. 
Software started getting more recognition, ever since the release of smartphones in Korea. This is because a smartphone is a combination of hardware and software. People started realizing that applications, or “앱”, are softwares.
One of the 앱 that became big was the Seoul City Bus App. A high schools student made an app that told people when the bus is going to come. This now became the Kakao Bus. If you read the interview with the developer, he says, “I made it for fun…” At this moment I witnessed that a high schooler’s decision can ultimately change the life pattern of millions of people. And guess what? From now on, everyone can make that kind of change. 

#The Rise and Fall of Silicon Age
Before I move on to explain more about software, let me give you brief information on its predecessor – hardware. The beginning of 21st century was accompanied by hardware. Personal computers started being distributed to homes. Every year, a better and a faster computer was released. Companies built factories to exclusively make computers, which is now called the Silicon Valley. People started saying, this is no longer the Stone Age, or the Steel Age. It was now going to be— the Silicon Age.
But! This hardware industry, which seemed so almighty and everlasting – started failing. A quick explanation: a CPU performs better if it’s smaller. But a CPU can’t become smaller and smaller forever! That means there’s going to be a limit to how well CPUs can perform. We could no longer guarantee the improvement of hardware. The prospect of IT industry started looking bleak. Does this mean that our IT era has come to an end? Of course not. 
“We will find a way. We always have.”

#Those Who Found “The Way”
What do you think the Silicon Valley looks like nowadays? Will there still be factories? Not at all! The place is now filled with software companies like Apple, Google, Facebook. It’s also filled with startup venture companies, that compete with their innovation and creativity In other words: the era of hardware has fallen, and the era of software is prospering.
Let me give you an example. Have you heard of Airbnb? Airbnb is an online marketplace that enables people to rent their house to a traveler. The traveler finds a lodging for a cheap price. The house-owner can make profit. In this way, Airbnb has fundamentally changed the culture of travelling in less than a few years. 
Let me give you another example. Have you heard of Uber? Uber is a service that substitutes cars through taxis and car-shares. It’s not yet widespread in Korea. But on a worldwide scale, it’s become the norm of call taxis.
Both these services are a “software.” Because it plays as a bridge that finds houses and cars from within our little smartphone screens. And now, let me introduce a shocking detail.
Airbnb does not own a single room.
Uber does not own a single car. 
Yet, they changed people’s lives, with just a simple software and creativity. Very much alike the aforementioned Seoul City Bus App, developed by a high school student. Now that’s what I call “Finding a Way.” These people changed the world with a few lines of coding they developed inside their dorm, their garage, their room. They created a new paradigm for traveling, and changed the experience of using public transportation. Bottom line: Software is approachable by anyone.

Software can change the world. Just like how humanity made a breakthrough by discovering fire, by discovering bronze, by discovering steel – a software will change and improve the quality of life that people leads. 
Software exists everywhere. There are one billion iOS hardware in the world. But a Facebook software is used by one point six million people. It influences more peoples’ lives. Naver and Twitter has become the new outlet to inform us the trend of our society. Kakaotalk has changed our mode of communication. It also lets us send tons and tons of pictures. 
Can you see now? A software is always by our side. It always has been.

These invisible, intangible things called “software” are now the major agent for social change. This is why I wanted to inform you more about software: so that you can build your strengths, by knowing the trend.
Are you intimidated by these stories? Do you think you cannot achieve this? If so, please remember. The whole point of software is that anyone can make it, and anyone can approach it. All it requires is creativity and tenacity. It doesn’t have to be grand. Even a simple software can improve an aspect of our life. And that is called innovation. That is called finding the way.

Thank you.


